Today you learned about web services.
Web services are a way to share data between two disparate systems,
essentially integrate two totally different systems,
so that data can flow seamlessly between the two.
You learned about the client and the server.
The client makes a request for data,
or information, and the server responds to that request.
The means of communication between the two systems is
via a standard web protocol like HTTP,
or HTTPS over the World Wide Web,
and it uses a common language like JSON or XML.
You learned that web services promote usability and reusability,
and we wrapped up with me explaining the differences between
web services, APIs and microservices.
APIs in microservices are more streamlined,
and easier to work with than web services.